cloud: add faq about how to import specified columns, and delete outdated files (#14117)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md

To troubleshoot the access denied errors, perform the following checks in the AWS Management Console.

> ## Cannot assume an IAM role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cannot assume the provided role 
```

Reviewer: 直接使用报错文案的内容作为标题，方便用户搜索

> This section describes how to troubleshoot the issue that AWS cannot assume an IAM role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to troubleshoot the issue that TiDB Cloud cannot assume the provided role to access the specified bucket. 
```

1. In the AWS Management Console, go to **IAM** > **Access Management** > **Roles**. 
2. In the list of roles, find and click the role you have created for the target TiDB cluster. The role summary page is displayed. 
3. On the role summary page, click the **Trust relationships** tab, and you will see the trusted entities.

The following is a sample trust entity:

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::380838443567:root"
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "sts:ExternalId": "696e6672612d617069a79c22fa5740944bf8bb32e4a0c4e3fe"
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

In the sample trust entity:

- `380838443567` is the TiDB Cloud Account ID. Make sure that this field in your trust entity matches your TiDB Cloud Account ID.
- `696e6672612d617069a79c22fa5740944bf8bb32e4a0c4e3fe` is the TiDB Cloud External ID. Make sure that this field in your trusted entity matches your TiDB Cloud External ID.

### Check whether the role exists

> If the role does not exist, create a role following instructions in [Configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the IAM role does not exist, create a role following instructions in [Configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).
```

### Check whether the external ID is set correctly

> Cannot assume the provided role '{role_arn}'. Check the trust relationships settings on the role. For example, check whether the trust entity has been set to the 'TiDB Cloud account ID' and whether the 'TiDB Cloud External ID' is correctly set in the trust condition. See [Check the trust entity](#check-the-trust-entity).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cannot assume the provided role `{role_arn}`. Check the trust relationships settings on the role. For example, check whether the trust entity has been set to the `TiDB Cloud account ID` and whether the `TiDB Cloud External ID` is correctly set in the trust condition. See [Check the trust entity](#check-the-trust-entity).
```
